README.md, before:

# EchoHub

Nonverbal individuals have to bridge a gap when communicating. To aid their ability to communicate, we propose an iOS application called EchoHub that integrates with smart home assistants. EchoHub will allow nonverbal users to partner with their choice of home assistant, assign pictures to actionable commands, and have their home assistant execute these commands for them so that they can have greater independence in their daily life. While nonverbal individuals don’t communicate through speech, they can synthesize outside information and express their needs through writing, typing, or physical cues; however, they rely on intermediate individuals to translate their form of communication into an actionable outcome. EchoHub cuts out the middleman and allows users to have greater independence in their daily life.

## Installation

Make sure you have your iPhone running on iOS 17.2 or later. To install and run EchoHub on your local device, you must follow these steps:

1. Plug your iPhone in to your MacOS computer and trust the computer from your phone.
2. Enable Developer Mode on your iPhone by navigating to Settings > Privacy & Security > Developer Mode > Turn on Developer Mode. Warning: you should receive a prompt to restart your iPhone after turning this on.
3. Build the application from XCode on your computer.
4. Now you have to trust the Apple ID running the app as a developer from your iPhone. Navigate to Settings > General > VPN & Device Management > Trust the Apple ID as a developer.
5. The app should be installed on your iPhone and you can now run it!

<!-- TODO: add instructions for installing the application -->

Commit message:

Add AWS Polly voices and translation (#14)
* Configure Polly

* Remove aws config

* Update README

* Set explicit language code

* Add settings page

* Add synthesizer fallback

* Add queue player

---------

Co-authored-by: Gaurav Shekhawat <82404453+gshekhawat0820@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# EchoHub

Nonverbal individuals have to bridge a gap when communicating. To aid their ability to communicate, we propose an iOS application called EchoHub that integrates with smart home assistants. EchoHub will allow nonverbal users to partner with their choice of home assistant, assign pictures to actionable commands, and have their home assistant execute these commands for them so that they can have greater independence in their daily life. While nonverbal individuals don’t communicate through speech, they can synthesize outside information and express their needs through writing, typing, or physical cues; however, they rely on intermediate individuals to translate their form of communication into an actionable outcome. EchoHub cuts out the middleman and allows users to have greater independence in their daily life.

## Development

If you don't already have CocoaPods, run `sudo gem install cocoapods` and `pod setup`.

1. Run `pod install`
2. Open XCode by clicking on `EchoHub.xcworkspace`
3. Select the `EchoHub` workspace in XCode and click on 'Add Files to "EchoHub"'
4. Add the `awsconfiguration.json` file to the `EchoHub` workspace

## Installation

Make sure you have your iPhone running on iOS 17.2 or later. To install and run EchoHub on your local device, you must follow these steps:

1. Plug your iPhone in to your MacOS computer and trust the computer from your phone.
2. Enable Developer Mode on your iPhone by navigating to Settings > Privacy & Security > Developer Mode > Turn on Developer Mode. Warning: you should receive a prompt to restart your iPhone after turning this on.
3. Build the application from XCode on your computer.
4. Now you have to trust the Apple ID running the app as a developer from your iPhone. Navigate to Settings > General > VPN & Device Management > Trust the Apple ID as a developer.
5. The app should be installed on your iPhone and you can now run it!
